Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me again today.
Well, I have Diana with me. I told her, I said, 'I've already made this video.
I think this is the third time.'I tried to do it without her because she was trying to do emails and everything, and she had so much work to do and the kids are homeschooling.
And I told her, I said, 'I can't do the video without you, baby. I really need you to do this.
Just put on a little something and just come sit by me.'So I told her, I said, 'You help me out.'But it's the truth.
When you're talking to a lens of a camera, and you're pushing in the spirit realm, and after doing this video, Braden's probably like, 'You know,'I'm like, 'I'm sorry.
I just need your mama.'So, I'm thankful for you. But we're excited about hitting 560,000 people.
Isn't that amazing? God is so good. 56,700 is what Braden said.
Prayers. That's exactly right. Not people—prayer warriors, veterans and new beginners.
And then on our China channel, we have 24,000. Our Spanish channel, we have 15,000.
On our South Korean channel now, we have 21,000, and so on and so on.
He said, 'Dad, we have three channels that are over 20,000 and above, and then the rest of them are catching up.
They're almost there.'And so, we just want to give all the glory to God about what he's done in this time frame of our YouTube existence.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? He is. We set out to do this and it was all about talking about tribulation when we started two and a half years ago. It's been two and a half years.
Two and a half years we've been doing this, and the Lord said, 'I want you to start going into all the world and telling people that I'm coming on YouTube.'And I had no idea that it would do exactly what it's done.
I had a vision inside of what the Lord told us. But I just want to tell every one of y'all, thank you. Thank you.
Thank you for liking, thank you for subscribing, thank you for being a part of this beautiful YouTube community.
It's such a blessing. We love y'all so much. Truly, it's changed our lives. This has changed our lives.
Seeing people in public and seeing people at church, they come from everywhere.
Everybody's wanting a touch from Jesus. And we see the hunger and the desperation on people. We really do. And we're all trying to find it ourselves.
We're all going up the river together and we're like, 'Hey, come on, get on the raft with us and let's paddle.
We're going to get there.'And we know that there's a great revival about to take place. We know there is.
But people are wanting to know about Diana and I, what we believe in tithing and sowing and things like that, and sowing to certain ground.
And Diana and I, we were praying one day. We were in the car, and the Lord started talking to us about harvest ground, harvester ground, scholar ground, and warrior ground.
That not all ground produces the same. But he started talking to us about when you sow into certain grounds, you reap back that covering, that harvest of that covering.
And so in our line of work doing this now, we need a lot of prayer covering.
And so we lined our ministry up with prayer warriors. We're a prayer channel.
Prayer changes things. That's who we are. So we jumped in the boat with a bunch of prayer warriors.
Candace and Billye Brim and their daughter. They're some of the greatest prayer warriors of this generation.
I'm telling you, I don't know people who pray like these people.
They pray on another level. And when they pray, you know when they're praying for you.
So, and the other part of our vein of what God's called us to do is the prophetic and hearing and seeing watchmen and doing things that the Lord's called us to do.
So, we find ground like that and we sow into it. We sow into prayer warrior ground, covering of prayer, because when you're in this, we've dealt with a lot of spiritual warfare.
We sow into all the grounds. Yeah, we sow into all the ground, it's just where we feel like we need it.
Sometimes you feel like you're lacking more in one area when we pray about where to sow. But it is specific. We are strategic in where we sow.
Because it may be that we're going through certain things that are more than others on that day, and we say, 'I feel like we should give x amount of dollars to this ministry because it could be like prayer warrior ground.'It's like I saw Sister Billye and them.
They're like Vikings in the spirit realm. They're like, 'Where's the devil?'You know, you go after the devil. You know, it's like these people have that authority.
They walk in the authority, talking about the authority of the believer and taking your rights according to Ephesians and exercising that, and you can feel it when you sow into their ground. You feel that covering. It's amazing, isn't it?
So then you go, 'Okay, well, I've got that base covered, but I need a little bit of because God's called us into the healing ministry.'So we find a healing ministry and we're like, 'Who's a healing ministry that we really can trust, that you know that there's fruit behind their ministry?'And that's Billy Burke.
So we say, 'Well, let's sow a little seed into Billy Burke's ministry.'So as you give into that, there's a blessing that comes from that, and I believe that covering comes over you.
And it's like people go, 'Brandon, I have a problem with hearing the voice of God.'Well, if I hear the voice of God and you have a problem with that, I sow into what?
I sow by faith into the prophetic, and I say, 'Here's seed into the prophetic ministry.'And I'm sowing this by faith that my ears are going to become more attuned, the prophetic antenna, hearing the voice of the Father, because he said in his word that we would hear his voice, and a stranger's voice we wouldn't follow.
And as I sow, I sow intentionally into that, praying for the covering of that to come on me.
I say, 'Lord, I thank you that as I sow into the prophetic, Father, I thank you, Lord, that that's coming on me and my household because blessings come down.'And I've noticed if you need wisdom in scripture, I sow into scholar ground, which is people who are real educated and teachers of the gospel that teach.
Some ministries have a gift of teaching, and you go there and you listen to them and you go, 'Man, I got a lot out of that.
That was a lot of rhema word.'Like Brother Hagin when he was on the earth, he was a teacher but he walked in the prophetic also.
So, in the past when he was here on the earth—now he's not here no more—but I would sow into him directly, whatever you could give into that or whatever.
You get what I'm saying, y'all. Wherever you have a need, you sow a seed.
If I need covering of prayer, I sow into prayer. If you feel like you're under spiritual attack, does it make sense?
Prayer ministries, prayer things like that, you sow into that.
And then if you have a need and I need to hear the Lord more, I sow into the prophetic.
If I need healing, I sow into healing ministries. If I sow into financial, I look at the people who are bringing in a lot of souls. Who's bringing in the harvest?
So I sow into—for 'he that wins souls is wise.'So, I see people's ministries that have a financial blessing on them that bring in a lot of souls.
Like Billy Graham was one when he was alive, okay? There's a lot of souls that came to him.
People go, 'Well, he was a Freemason.'I don't know about all that stuff. I'm telling you who brings a lot of people to Jesus.
That's what I don't get into—all the flakiness of who they were, the way they shake hands with the president, and doing stuff.
I don't get into conspiracy theories. There's some weird stuff out there.
I just go, 'You know what? Let's just stay on course.'Don't go over here and way over there.
I'm telling you, you can find a devil behind every bush if you're looking for one.
There's a lot of weird stuff out there, and I go, 'You know what?
If they got people born again and they turn people to Jesus, I'm on your side.'Let's just stay on the side of the body of Christ and be all for each other and pray for each other. Now, I've got a lot of haters, but you know what?
I look at them and say, 'We pray for them.'They make videos of me, and I say, 'Listen, we're going to love on them anyway.'It doesn't matter what people say about you; it's what you allow inside, how you feel about them. I'm not going to get bitter; I refuse to walk out of love.
You may not agree with what I say, but the Bible says, 'Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.'Don't touch people with your mouth, regardless of what they say about you, what they feel about you, or how they act.
That's not my responsibility. My job is to automatically walk in love.
They can call me a false prophet, they can call me all these things, but my foundation is to say, 'You know what, brother?
We're praying for you. We pray for your marriage. We pray for your wife.
We pray for healing and health on you and longevity of ministry over you.'Regardless of what you feel about me, if I'm not going to be buddies with you, that's fine, but I'm going to pray for you instead.
It's important that we always, no matter how much people persecute the body of Christ—I catch it all from all kinds of people.
The world hates me, and a lot of Christians do, but you know what?
I choose to walk in love because love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
You may say, 'Well, he doesn't hear God at all. He doesn't say all these things.'Whatever.
I just keep on doing what God has called me to do. It's like I talked to somebody on the phone.
They said, 'An apple doesn't have to announce that it's an apple. An orange doesn't have to announce it's an orange.
They automatically display who they are, and they taste of what they're supposed to be.'So, a prophetic ministry is going to be a prophetic ministry, and you're going to taste and see it.
But they don't have to go around announcing, 'Hey, I'm a prophet. I'm a prophet.
I'm a prophet.'Because if they're always going around saying, 'I'm Prophet so-and-so.
I'm Prophet this, Prophet that,'you don't have to announce it.
Your fruit of who you are in your ministry is automatically going to display when you show up, because you carry that anointing.
You're a carrier of it. Aren't you right, baby? And it's like Billy Burke doesn't have to come around and tell everybody, 'I'm a healing evangelist.
Glory to God.'You see the fruit of who he is when he walks in and comes up on the platform. Bam!
The atmosphere changes, and people's lives are getting changed and they're getting healed, and you can see the authenticity.
The Holy Spirit leads and guides you to know and to see visibly the ones who are authentic versus those who are pretenders.
I don't have to tell you I'm an orange if I'm an orange. You're going to taste and see it.
And there are a lot of people who try to tell you and convince you that they're an apple when they're not an apple—they're a plum, and you're going, 'That doesn't line up right,'because signs will follow them that believe.
Signs follow the anointing that's on your life. And so if you don't see the anointing of a watchman on me, then just go on. I don't care. I'm just going to keep doing it.
And if the Lord corrects me and says, 'Brandon, you're off,'then I'm going to say, 'Okay, forgive me, Lord, but I want to help people.'Whatever I've got to do, let's just do it for all the glory of God.
'All that you do, in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.'Just like Pastor Chip is always talking.
Brother Hagin told him, 'Chip, if you want to stay on target...'How to sow into good ground...
Brother Hagin told our pastor, Pastor Chip, when we go to our church there, he said, 'If you don't ever want to get off in life and get off on the wrong road, this is the main key that you need to focus on: in all that you do, in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God, and you'll not get off track.'Everything I do, I'm doing in word and in deed; I do all for the glory of God.
So if they don't agree with what you're doing and they want to throw eggs at you, say, 'I'm just doing all to the glory of God. I'm not doing this for me, brother.
I'm doing all to the glory of God.'He said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.'Because, like Billy Burke said, it's 'to attract, to deflect.'I'm not here to take the glory for myself in anything on this YouTube channel.
And the more it grows, we give all the glory to God. And when you do that, you stay on track because you're giving all glory to Him.
It's all glory to You, Lord. We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of His love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus. That's where it's at. I feel like people need to hear this.
So, when you're sowing into certain ministries and you're believing for your financial harvest, look at where you're sowing.
We test ground. Diana and I, we will test it and we'll sow there.
And if we don't see fruit, you don't keep sowing there; that's stupid. Don't do that; that is dumb because of the devourer.
You go, 'There's something wrong with this ground.'And I'm telling you, not all ground produces, does it? It doesn't all produce.
There are times we've given in the past to certain ground, and the devourer comes right knocking at your door, and you go, 'That is not God.
Repent. There's something wrong.'Sow somewhere else. Poof!
I mean seriously, because you go, 'There's something off with this ground,'and you know because the ground where you're sowing will produce.
So we automatically test it. But we know that he that winneth souls is wise.
We know that prayer warriors and end-time harvesters—nothing happens in the natural unless it happens in the supernatural first.
You must birth it in the spirit in prayer, like on these channels. Prayer changes things.
You must birth it in prayer so that you can have it in the natural, because the harvest of souls that we're believing for in this massive revival will be birthed out of prayer.
Azusa Street was birthed out of prayer through William Seymour. They had prayer meetings all the time.
With John Kilpatrick and the Pensacola Revival, they birthed it out of prayer for two years, having prayer services in there.
With Lynne Hammond's church—the one up there that I'm talking about when they had their little revival up there—they birthed it out of prayer.
Everything was birthed out of great intercessory prayer first.
It doesn't just happen. That's what I was telling Billy Burke.
I said, 'We've got to have more intercessory prayer the more this day goes on and on.'Even Kathryn Kuhlman, when she first started out, she had a sign that said, 'Prayer changes things.'And I just found that out.
We didn't even know it. It was a light up, and she put it over the door.
It was just a little light up sign that said, "Prayer changes things."And she would go in there with whoever the girl was that she started the ministry with, her friend, her sister or cousin or something like that, right?
I think it was a family member. It might have just been a friend, but they went in there and prayed is what I read.
I thought, "Wow."She even said, "Prayer changes things."And was that her foundation name or something?
Yeah, her ministry. It wasn't foundation; it was just "Prayer Changes Things."But then she started something. I don't know, it was interesting.
But I said, "Diana, that's what we got by the Spirit of God to call our stuff: Prayer Changes Things."Yeah, and that's why, because we believe it.
The only thing that's ever going to get you from glory to glory is prayer and fellowship with the Father.
And this word, this beautiful book—people go, you know, you get off into weirdo land because you're always trying to listen.
You got people listening to fortune tellers on here. Is it okay if I go to these?
No. Stay away from soothsayers and fortune tellers, tarot card readers. It's witchcraft. Don't do that. You go to the Word.
If you want God to give you a word, read your Bible, find it, and He will speak to you.
This Word will change you from the inside out. Yes, this is an old book, but it's alive.
Do you understand? It's alive. The Word of God is alive, and it's sharper than any two-edged sword. It will change you from the inside out.
And this Word will literally—the words will jump out of the pages if you go to it with communion, praise, and thanksgiving: "Father, I thank You that You're changing me and taking me from glory to glory.
I need a fresh word from You today."And a lot of times I read Psalms or Proverbs or whatever, and you find your Proverbs of the day, your Psalms.
Proverbs, you can find, you read all the chapter 31 times in the Proverbs, and 31 days out of a month, you can get something good out of those Proverbs.
Find your daily Proverbs. My go-to lately is John. I start in John 14 and I go all the way to John 17, and I feel like I'm just sitting under the water faucet and I'm just drinking, drinking, drinking.
Those passages are just amazing to me lately. So, I highly suggest reading those if you are led to, because it's amazing to get something fresh.
Oh, the red. It's the red. Get the red. I always find the red. "Living by the Words of Jesus."I'm looking, I say, if we don't know what Jesus said, then what are we doing?
Because He was the one we're following after anyway. I follow all the red.
Read the red. Take a week and just read all the red, and meditate on it. Don't just read it.
It's like the Lord told her, He said, "Now, you read through the Bible all through this year.
Now, I want you to read, not just going through it as fast as you can to read all of it, but study it and meditate on it."Yes, so it becomes rhema. He said, "I want you to read, not just to read.
Read so it penetrates your spirit and you read as you're led."So when I'm reading, I'll be reading, and all of a sudden the Holy Spirit will highlight a passage to me, and that's when I slow down and I go back over it over and over, like I'm eating, like I'm sticking my knife and fork in, and I'm just digging into that verse.
It could be just one verse, but I will just dig into that one verse and I can get a whole big thing, and the Holy Spirit's just speaking to me as I'm reading that.
So, it's been amazing. Yep, that's what she does. That's what we all should do.
You all know that I've had problems with reading a lot because I've had learning disabilities. So, Diana reads to me.
Whatever I'm telling you, I read it and I go over it, but for my comprehension, I depend on her a lot for a lot of things.
So, she reads over it, and I listen to my Bible. I put it next to me and I listen to it.
If I read it, I understand it and I get it, but I get a lot when I'm listening.
So, I put it on there and I read it and I follow along with that Bible app, and it reads for me, and that's how I grasp the scriptures.
But she's a bookworm, so she reads a lot to me, and so that's why I always pull on her.
I can listen to it, but for some reason, there's something about reading it, and when I read it and I'm actually looking at it, for me, it's just completely different.
Everybody's different as learners, in the way they see things and hear things.
Whenever I get my eyes on the red, I just let it transform me. Yep.
And she gets those highlighters. She is over there highlighting and coloring. She uses her Bible, I told her, as a coloring book.
Somebody sent her some more highlighters the other day; that was such a blessing.
And she said, "Hey, I've already—"She has highlighters and she gets these highlighters...
"I wear them down and I wear them out so fast. I go through them really, really quick."You use your coloring book, but it's a blessing.
I just try to tell you all things that help us, that may help you, you know.
Not that we have it all together, but I'm going to tell you this: we try. We're trying.
And as we go from glory to glory and what the Lord's shown us, He comes and visits us.
And it's like Diana said—we talked about it the other day—she goes, "We can't afford in the natural just to listen to Sundays and Wednesdays.
We are people that have to be in the Word."There's no more sitting on the couch and veging out and watching our sitcoms or whatever we used to in the past, eating popcorn and watching things, sitting there and going, "This is our time to veg."We can't afford to do that anymore.
No, it's like we're drug addicts; we go from one fix to the next.
We're like, "That didn't get that scratch."And so we'll go to the next thing and we'll keep listening and listening to sermons until we find the right one.
And we're like, "Oh, that was it! That was it! That was it!"And we'll pick it like a chicken on a bone.
We'll go and pick through that thing. I told her, I said, "We're scavengers. We don't depend on our pastors to feed us spiritually.
You don't need to depend on your pastors to feed you spiritually."How desperate are you for your life to change?
If you're waiting on your pastor to preach a sermon behind the pulpit to change your life, you're missing it.
You go there to just get a refilling. You just get a little bit extra, a nugget.
You glean from it, and you listen and you know that you're staying on track.
You have some spiritual somebody there to help you out, and you get refreshed just being in that atmosphere.
Yeah, being together—they're family. But I don't go to our church to get spiritually fed. No.
If I'm waiting for them to give me something spiritually on just Sundays or Wednesdays, I'm going to starve.
By that time, you're going to be anemic. Because I go, "Man, and that's not fair to them.""Well, you know what?
That meal wasn't very good, Pastor. I'm in trouble until next week."We eat twice a week?
No, no way. There's so many people that are doing that. And that's why I think if it was—in fact, when I go there, I'm already full.
Yeah, I'm already full. I'm going, Diana needs to pat me on my back because spiritually I'm perfect because I've already eaten all day long.
And I'm like, "Where are we going tonight?"Oh, yeah. Because we're worshiping the Lord. We're giving Him some time. We're honoring Him.
But I'm not going for Pastor Chip and Candace to make sure they feed us or whatever, because we're dumping out on this channel all the time.
And we go, "What do we do?"But what I'm trying to tell you all is that we find it for ourselves. We're scavengers.
And it may just look like, you know, like they make that old gumbo and it looks like something that came out of a ditch, but I'm going to take it, and it's going to be good by the time we're done.
You know what I'm saying? We're going to find it. Wherever it is, we're going to find it. We're going to pick the bones of this thing. And we pray.
I pray every time I go on and I'm trying to search for a sermon—a good sermon, a Kenneth Hagin sermon, or whatever it is. I pray before and I say, "Holy Spirit, lead me.
Lead me to the right one."I don't want to just listen to like five sermons that were just mediocre and finally on the sixth one, it's the one I want.
Because there are some of them out there, even with them. Time is of the essence, and we don't always have a lot of time during our day.
So, we have to make it count. She has found some honey. I mean, I'm telling you, I told her, "You've found some good ones today, babe."We sat in the car; I didn't want to get out of the car.
I told her, "I started weeping. Hold on a minute. This one right here—can we rewind that?"And she's like, "Fast forward, fast forward."And we listened to it again.
And I said, "Oh, take notes on it."She got this little thing—it's a little recorder. She pushes the button when the Lord's giving me a word now.
She has to have her phone; she goes "bing"and she gets those words recorded because there are nuggets that will change your life if you grab onto them.
When you value the Word, when the Word becomes everything you have, "I need this. I'm desperate.
I have to have a touch from the Father today."And that's why she said we can't do those binge-watching of certain things that made us laugh in the past.
We have to find the living Word because of where we are in these end times. This is how serious it is. This is wartime.
The more you give into that tugging, that Holy Ghost tugging when He tugs you throughout the day, and whenever you listen to it and yield to that tugging, saying, "Okay, it's time to listen.
It's time to put some Word on. Time to read the Bible,"the more you do it, it changes you.
And I don't want to be the same person next year that I am right now. I want to constantly be changing.
We're never going to say we've achieved it all, that we are where we're supposed to be spiritually, or that we're more spiritual than anybody else.
We're never going to be that person, but we're always going to strive.
I press on in this race of the high calling to finish my course, like that scripture says: "I have fought the good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith."I refuse to get up there and...
What were you going to say? I was going to say, and sometimes I feel like maybe I need a little bit more than most people. Maybe I'm a little more clingy.
Maybe I'm like, "Lord, I need You so much right now."One little thing in my day and I'm like, "Daddy, I need help today.
This has been rough."And I just cling. So, that's just how I get by. It's on Him.
Being filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, being desperate for that feeling.
I need You right now, and I can't do this life without You. I don't know how anybody can do it.
The darker it gets, how are they able to do life without Jesus?
That's why maybe they are talking to ChatGPT and trying to find stuff and trying to find that inward peace, because they don't have anything else.
But it's like I heard Billy Burke say in one of his sermons, he was talking about how whenever he's walking around...
He said that's why people go to Disney World and that's why people go to concerts: there's a presence and they're trying to fill that void.
They go there because that's what they're trying to serve. They don't even ride the rides.
He said, "I live by there and we go there and just walk around and we watch people, and ninety percent of them don't ever even get on a ride.
They just want to feel the atmosphere of Disney World."And then they go to a football game because they're trying to submerge themselves in that atmosphere, but it only lasts for an hour or two, and then it's over.
And then what are you left with? So, it's just people throughout the world constantly trying to get into a presence that fills something in them.
That's why we wanted to make a place here for people to come and drink, for people to come and get refreshed on a day-to-day basis, because we know what it's like to be a scavenger and go. Maybe this could be your oasis.
I told her, "Maybe we could be the oasis for them, that we bring an atmosphere, a place for them to get refreshed, that they come and they hear there's hope."Yeah, there's judgment, these things the Lord's showing me that are not too fun sometimes, but it's still telling you that Jesus Christ is coming back soon, and He has a plan for your life to bless you, to heal you, to prosper you, to give you an expected future and hope, and that we can pray together and change things through prayer.
I just believe that when I'm telling you about these grounds, people don't know this stuff.
We've done this through trial and error. I'm forty-five, and it doesn't matter how old she is.
She's young. I'm teasing with you. It's nobody's business, right?
But I'm just saying, that's what Kathryn Kuhlman says: we don't tell women's age.
But I'm saying there's a lot of people that are desperate and they're wanting just a touch from the Lord.
They come to that place of dryness and they say, "God, where are you in this dryness?"And that's why I've tried to teach you my nuggets of where we've learned to sew, how we've learned to do things, and it works for us, and we see fruit.
But a lot of people keep doing the same thing over and over again, and they're still broke.
They're not going anywhere spiritually, and they're expecting different results.
And if I don't see results in that ground the first two or three times, I'm not going to give there anymore.
We said to keep doing the same thing and expecting different results is insanity. And if you don't see fruit...
It's like when we were doing things with Megan, we would try stuff for a couple of months trying to get her help with therapy.
And if we didn't see... because we only have a limited amount of money for her to have therapy, right?
So, instead of trying to keep doing this over a year because we're running out of time and she's getting older and older, you go, "This isn't working."And instead, we just tell the therapist, "You know what?
We've given you ninety days, and we haven't seen any results of anything really significant with doing certain medical protocols or whatever to help my daughter."We don't mean no offense to you.
We know you've helped other people, but this isn't for us, and we have to say we're done, right?
Yeah, we're the same with supplements and everything else. We've done diets, supplements, all different things.
Some of it may have helped some, but if we didn't see enough progress, we just don't have enough.
Especially if it's draining your finances and you are limited to a certain amount of finances, what you're believing for at that time or where your job is at instead.
So you go, "Well, I'm believing God for extra until that extra comes to add that to that puzzle. I can't.
This isn't a significant enough change to keep going down this road."So what I'm trying to tell you is, with your spiritual walk, you have to have a spiritual thermostat.
Yes, have a spiritual thermostat of what's working. Is this working?
Is this changing me? Am I coming up higher spiritually or do I feel deflated?
If my pastor is not helping me even a little bit and I'm not getting anything from that church, maybe it's time to look for a new church. Does that make sense?
If my kids are in the youth group and the youth leader is not good, or your children's church pastor or whatever, and your kids aren't growing spiritually or they're not changing, look and evaluate spiritually of where you are.
And I'm not telling you it's not the pastor's fault on everything, you know what I'm saying?
You have to evaluate you. What are you doing to grow yourself spiritually? Are you getting something from there?
And if God has called you there to help out there or whatever, have you done what He's called you to do? Have you grown?
If you're not going from glory to glory and you're at a church and you go, "You know, they don't believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost,"for one, I'd be out of there.
If they don't believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost, if they don't believe in divine healing and they'll lay hands on you, it's like I heard one preacher say, "You'll believe in healing whenever you're desperate and you have stage four cancer."That's what Billy Burke said.
He goes, "Yeah, told me, 'I don't believe God can heal.'Well, you're not sick enough."If you're overcoming something really bad, you're going to believe something desperate.
You'll believe. But what kind of cart are you attaching your horses to?
I don't want to attach to people that don't believe in divine healing, that don't believe in laying hands on the sick.
And if I'm overcoming something, they're going, "You know, sometimes God does and sometimes He doesn't, brother.
It might be your time to go home."I don't want that in my corner.
I want somebody to go there and say, "I believe God with you, and I'm standing with you that you're healed by the stripes of Jesus, and you're going to get healed,"and try to speak life into me.
And believes in praying in tongues. Believes in teaching my kids to live a holy lifestyle and that they've got what it takes to make it in this world in school, and cast out devils if you've got a devil or whatever.
Not, "Well, you know what? I don't really believe that you can have a devil."No, I'm telling you, I've seen Christians flat out say they're born again, growling and acting crazy with a demonic spirit attached to their soulish realm.
No, it's not attached to their spirit. But I'm telling you, I've seen demonic attachments onto folks that are born-again believers, and they are growling, acting crazy, and manifested right there.
And you've got to get them free because it's coming out of the mind, will, and the emotions.
Your spirit is renewed, and all that happens with your spirit, right?
But your body has stuff that has attachments. Alcohol addiction, pornography...
you open a door for the devil to come in to kill, steal, and destroy you, and you get attachments.
And I call them little—they're little boogeymen that go lay on your shoulder, and you've got to get free from that stuff.
And if you read Pigs in the Parlor and these other books, they'll help you.
But I don't get into the demonic stuff. I don't give them any place. I don't even talk about the demonic.
But there's some people that need to know when it comes to addictions through pornography, through drugs, alcohol, any kind of perversion, the devil will, if you open the door, he's going to set up shop in your life.
If you don't fill yourself up, they come back more. They come and try to torment your mind.
They try to do all, and you've got to get your mind renewed in this Word.
You cannot just pray in the spirit over demonic stuff and think you're going to get freedom.
The Bible is the sword. You've got to speak this sword out of your mouth and cut that devil.
But it's the truth. You know, the Bible says you know the truth and the truth will set you free.
The only freedom and the truth, the only thing that's ever going to set you free is knowing this truth: the truth of the Word of God.
The Word of God inside of your mouth is sharper than any two-edged sword, and it goes out of your mouth, and true freedom comes from the Word and cuts that devil.
But if you're just praying in the spirit—"God, Jesus, thank you, Lord.
Father, I just thank you, Lord"—it says, "If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you."But you have to get the Word abiding in you and His words remaining.
"If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done."So you have to get this Word inside of you speaking.
We are speaking spirits. We are speaking forth this Word out of our mouth, and that's what changes you. And the devil knows when you know the truth.
The devil knows when you know who you are, instead of saying verses of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star, how I wonder what you are."You can say a word and quote scripture, and I can read it one time: "Devil, this is what the Bible says."He knows the Word better than you do, but it's the truth that you know inside of you, that you have a Rhema word on the inside of you that's going to set you free.
Like 2 Timothy 1:7: "God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind."Getting that Word down inside of your heart, and that's how you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
I've seen devil-casting-out services. There's all this stuff, and they go through the healing line, but they fall out, laid out.
They have a courtesy fall or whatever, and they get out. But as Diana said, "I don't want to fall just to fall. I want to get up different.
I want impartation."But the only thing that's truly going to give you impartation is the Word, understanding the Word of God.
And I'm telling you, when you open the door for sin, you open the door for the devil.
He's going to come right in. But this is the only thing that's going to keep you free. And that's just like they say, the Word works if you work it.
And when you find scripture that pertains to you, that's something you're believing for.
Another thing that we do is we write it down on sticky notes and we put it on the mirror or maybe under your visor of your car.
I read one story about this man who was trying to recover from smoking cigarettes, and he had a scripture that he spoke every time that pertained to smoking cigarettes.
He would flip his visor down and he had it written down on a little sticky, and every time he had the thought about smoking a cigarette, he would quote that scripture.
And that's how it gets down inside of you. But it is only the truth that you know that will set you free.
It's not just reading it once. Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God over and over again.
And I know that you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free and set you free.
And I believe that's why so many people in the body of Christ live so bound with all these addictions.
We're not made to live bound. God made us to have an abundant life, to the full, until it overflows.
And if you're not living abundantly in finances, health, prosperity, and mental clarity, you have to go back and check your word gauge.
Where is my word level? Is it the pastor's fault? Well, that's Pastor Chip's fault.
It's probably Pastor T's fault; she didn't preach a good enough word this week.
No, it's not their fault. It's not the fault of the people you go to.
It's your fault. You have 24 hours in a day, seven days a week, just like I do.
We all have the opportunity to turn on something on YouTube or whatever—a word, a preaching sermon.
We listen to Kenneth Hagin a lot and listen to his old stuff—find stuff clear back in the '80s and munch on that and go, 'Was that good?
It's okay. Next one.'You know, and go, 'Boy, that was good. Let's find it.
Let's keep listening to it.'There's one that I told her, 'We've got to go over it again and again.'I listened to one this week.
It was an old camp meeting, and John Osteen—Dad Osteen—was there preaching. He was talking.
I said, 'My God, it was wonderful.'And I told her, 'That was one of my favorite sermons I've heard in a long time.
We've got to listen to it again.'And it was a wonderful sermon from the '80s.
The old ones are good. He's more real, you know? I love it when it's raw. It's just raw because there's just something about it.
I don't know, when you hear somebody talking—I don't like performance, and I'm not saying Brother Hagin ever was performance, but there are certain sermons when you listen to people where you go, 'I don't want performance.
I'm not here for you to entertain me. Give me something to bust that devil in the head today so that we can go from glory to glory.'But Diana and I, we're just like, 'Where is a chicken?'We're going, I mean, and to the vegans, 'Where is a good lettuce head?
Where's a good cabbage?'I don't know, whatever you eat. But I like chicken myself, and I'm going to look for some chicken instead of a lettuce head for the vegans.
Or some tofu. Where's some tofu? I'm just going to find something that's going to make some meat on my bones spiritually.
And tofu doesn't settle with me—I'm just being real with y'all.
God loves everybody. He gave me chicken to eat, too, God bless it.
Chicken and dumplings! Woohoo! Whatever. But people get upset; I'm sure I'll get an email on that one. We know there's a great shaking to awaken.
And if you don't have a backbone like a crowbar for what I see coming, if you don't know who you are, I told you Psalm 91 is not just a feel-good verse.
'A thousand shall fall at my side, and ten thousand at my right hand; but it shall not come nigh me.'Well, thank God for me, but that means ten thousand falling at my hand—that's ten thousand dead.
A thousand over here dead. That's a lot of folks. Something is going on around here.
It's happening, and there are bad days. And that's what I'm trying to say.
He's telling you He prepares a table before you in the presence of all your enemies.
Standing on Psalm 91 in hard times, that means there are some people watching you eat who are trying to hurt you. But we're supposed to have no fear.
He said His rod and His staff will comfort me, and surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life. Look at all of that verse.
He's saying, 'No pestilence, no plagues will come nigh me.'That means there's a pestilence and a plague there.
That means when they're talking about the death in Utah, the Black Death, or whatever they're talking about again, I'm trying to tell you all they're trying to get you ready.
Something big is about to happen, but I'm not trying to tell you to get in fear.
I'm trying to tell you to draw near. In California—yeah, don't get in fear, draw near.
Get closer to Him because the storm's coming. Financial stuff's coming as they see all this stuff about the debt.
Well, we hope Jerome Powell lowers interest rates in September. He's had such a stiff neck since the last administration.
He's like, 'We're not lowering interest rates.''Well, you better.''No, we're not.''Well, I can't stand Trump.'And you go, it's all political, and you see what's going on.
But I'm telling you all, I ain't worried about Jerome Powell.
I'm not participating in their economic system. You know which one I participate in?
'Give, and it shall be given unto me: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, shall men give into my bosom.'He said that He'll make me the head and not the tail.
He said I could be above and not beneath. He said that He'll anoint whatever I put my hands to and it will prosper.
And I say, 'Hands, you are prosperous in the name of Jesus.'I will be the head and not the tail.
I'll go through and I'll not go under. I thank You for that. You said in Your word in Deuteronomy 28 that everything I put my hands to will prosper.
Period. That's what He said, and I believe it. Do you believe it?
Yes, what You said—everything You said, I believe it's the truth.
Deuteronomy 28, that's why I read it over and over again. Deuteronomy 28 is my favorite.
Here it is, all in pink. She wrote it in pink. I don't write in my Bible; I have it all highlighted, but hers is pink.
But you know, it's our favorite because it's all marked up in this one. This is an old Bible, too.
But just saying what He said He would say about me: 'And the Lord shall make you have a surplus of prosperity, through the fruit of your body, and your livestock, and your ground, in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.'A surplus!
Do you believe that? That's God's economy, and I'm going to participate in God's economy.
That's what He said about me: I am what He says I am, I will have what He said I could have, and I will do what the Bible says I can do.
And He said right here in Deuteronomy, 'The Lord shall open to you His good treasure, the heaven to give the rain in your land in the season, and to bless all the work of your hands, and you shall lend unto many nations, and you shall not borrow.'Praise the Lord!
That right there should make you want to run around the whole house. Yes! Why? Because it's the truth. I love that one.
Deuteronomy is one of my favorites because it says you shall lend unto many nations, and you shall not borrow.
I don't know how much money it takes to lend unto these nations right now.
What if the United States came to you and you had $32 trillion, and they said, 'We need to borrow from you, Brandon, because we're in a financial deficit,'and you had it?
How could you lend to America? I mean, they're going, 'Man, we're about belly up over here because of our debt.'But you have enough because He has the cattle on a thousand hills. My God is more than enough.
And when I was telling you all, I told Dino, I said people were gathering around their tables and they were praying over those pots with no food in them, and suddenly they had steaming pots of food in these end times.
If God would do it for the children of Israel with quail and manna, how much more will He do it for you under the New Covenant?
He was doing it for them underneath the old covenant. How much more will he do it for you underneath the new covenant with Jesus's blood?
That's why I said you have to be a believing believer in these last days. And you have to say, "Thus far and no further, Satan!
I know whom I believe."And he said he provides all my needs according to his glory.
And you're going to get your hands off of my finances now in the name of Jesus! He said he provides seed for the sower.
And the Bible says that David said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread."Well, I'm the righteous, and I believe that I'm righteous through Jesus's blood, and I'm not going to beg for bread.
So, if I see all this stuff coming, and the storms—and I told you about a major hurricane—I saw all the storm in New York with fires and all these testing trials with all the stuff coming in New York.
I've never seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. He said he'll take care of me.
Oh, there's earthquakes going on in Alaska and in Oregon and all these other places.
I've never seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
A thousand shall fall at my side. He's not going to... I know beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Deuteronomy 28 is mine, and I'm going to just go to the blessings because of Galatians, Christ has redeemed me from all the curse of the law.
And the law is everything in Deuteronomy 28 after the blessings.
So I am not going to participate in Deuteronomy 28, whatever it is.
I think it's like Deuteronomy 28, I believe it starts about 18, and "Cursed shall you be."Yeah, 18, curse, curse, curse, all of them.
So all the curses start, so Galatians redeems me from all these curses according to Deuteronomy 28.
Wow, so I'm redeemed from all that. All that down there is Galatians. Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
So, I'm not going to participate in these curses, but I'm going to participate in the blessings of Deuteronomy 28.
Yes, all the blessings of the beginning, all the way up to 15 or whatever it is.
God’s Economy vs. the World’s Economy. I'm going to participate in that.
God said I could have these blessings, and I'm going to participate in those blessings, and I'm not going to let the devil rob me anymore.
So, that's why, Dino, we talk about commissioning our angels to send them out to go and get what's ours.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that my angels... I send them. I need X amount of dollars.
Say you needed $100 this week: "Father, I thank you, Lord. I claim $100 right now in the name of Jesus."Some people need $1,000.
Some people might need $10,000. Somebody needs a million dollars.
I don't know, but nothing's too big and nothing's too small. God paid the price for you to have it all.
You need to know that God's not up there going, "Well, you know, he's asking for a million.
That's a little bit much."But you need to start where your faith is at.
Don't start if your faith is at a $10 faith and you've only been tipping God in the offering and you've not been faithful.
Don't be asking, "Well, I got a million-dollar faith out there, God.
I need you to give me..."He says, "Be faithful with little, and I'll make you ruler over much."Don't be flaky with your faith going out there saying, "Well, I'm believing for...
I need $10 million today, buddy."And you go, "Well, where are you at right now?""Well, my job, I make $7.85 an hour."And you go, "Well, have you sown?
Have you sown into the harvest of hundredfold to reap back 10 million right now?
Start with where you're at.""Well, I gave $5 in the offering this week.""Well, okay.
What's hundredfold of $5? Well, that's 5,000."So, I'm believing God for a $5,000 harvest off of my $5 seed.
Add one zero at a time. Yeah. And then if you sow $5,000 in the offering, then I'm believing God for $500,000 off my offering.
Now you have seed in the ground to believe him for that $500,000.
But every seed produces after its own kind. So you can't get off in flakiness.
"Well, I'm going to go for a million dollars."Well, did you sow your $100,000 or $10,000?
No. Well, okay. Well, every seed produces 30... What does the Bible say?
30, 60, and 100fold. So, you can't believe for anything above 100fold, can you? No, because that's what the Bible says: 30, 60, 100fold.
Don't get off in Flakyville saying, "Well, I'm believing for $10 million."Did you sow $10 million worth of seed?
Every seed produces after its own kind. So, if I sow $100, I believe because I have a legal right to believe for it.
But you don't have a legal right to believe for a $10 million seed if you didn't sow the money to get it there.
Line up with what the word of God says: 30, 60, 100fold. What's 100fold of what you've sown?
Well, now it's multiplication. Whenever you sow... I sowed $5 last week.
I sowed $5 the week before. And for a whole year, I've sowed $5.
Now add all those together. So did that qualify me now? That qualifies you.
Maybe, I don't know. I have to do my math. $5 times 52 weeks out of a year...
So, you know, it adds up quick. But consistency is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
In consistency lies the key. Consistency! Now, that's multiplication and seed.
And now I can go, "Well, Lord, am I getting close to believing for that?"But start where you are, and God will increase you from glory to glory.
So, in this end-time harvest where we're believing for certain cryptos to explode and go up and all this, that could be just grace.
You could be operating on just credit. And so, just know that you may have it in there, and God's just a God of credit on that.
And I'm just like, "Hey, because you didn't watch what you do with it."Yeah, something you don't earn and something you don't deserve, but you may put it in there and you say, "Well, I won the lottery."I don't believe in playing the lottery, but there's some folks that do.
But I'm going to tell you this, that could be just an explosion of grace.
Something you didn't earn and something you didn't deserve.
And that may happen in some certain cases, but that's not foundation.
Foundation is the word. What does the word say? I don't play games of chance or whatever.
I don't go to Las Vegas and say, "Lucky snake eyes!"and throw it.
I don't do that. We don't gamble. No, period. We don't gamble. There's a spirit behind it.
And if you do that, I'm telling you, if you give the devil a crack, you start gambling... I've seen it with certain family members.
It takes them in, sucks them in, and next thing you know, they borrowed against their house.
They borrowed against their mama's house, and they're flat broke on a cruise ship looking for the next gambling thing, and you're going, "This is bad."You're sucked in like...
"Well, it's just fun."No, no, no, no. The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
Remember that. And if you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
"Well, it's just fun."No, no, no. It's not just fun. We don't play with fire.
Fire is not fun. "Well, it's just a little bit of this, a little bit of that.
I just go out and drink every once in a while. I just look at porn every once in a while. I just cuss every once in a while,"or whatever.
I saw this on a video one time when somebody said, "Well, if I put a little bit of cat poop in this cookie dough that I'm making and I serve it to you, would you eat that cookie?""It's just a little bit of cat poop."No, I ain't eating it!
It messes the whole... I wouldn't even feed it to my dog. I'd be like, "No, that's mean."You don't want to give it to our dog.
That's mean when she trusts you, and you're going to give it to her? No, I'm not going to give that to my dog.
I love my dog, but I just want to tell you all we love you, and we're not here to beat you in the head with the Bible.
We're here to help you, and this is what works for us. There's so many people that are everywhere, and you just go, "Man, go back to the Word.
Don't get spiritually weird."God loves you, but He has a plan for your life.
But it's all about living this thing out, y'all, and knowing that God has a plan for each and every single one of us to do something big for Him in these last days.
And no matter how much people throw rocks at me, I love you. You're probably watching me right now; I love you.
We pray for you. We pray for these big ministers. I got persecuted big time, but I still love them, and we still pray for you.
And we pray for your marriage. We pray for your family. And we pray that God anoints you even greater in these last days, and I pray that He does, I truly do.
I don't want no beef with you. I love you, and I pray for you. I pray for your marriage, too; I do.
And I pray that God uses you greater than I could ever even dream about being used, I truly do.
I want you to be successful. I want them to be successful. I want them all hands on deck.
Yes, we're a team. We're a part of the team. It's like I try to tell this other ministry, I said, "We're like the Avengers.
You have a special gift, and you'll be like Spider-Man, I'll be like Superman, or Doctor Who or whatever, and let's all work together."I mean, some of these people are evil, but I'm just saying, let's all be together and be like the Avengers—not the evil ones, you know.
Spider-Man's fun to watch sometimes, but I'm just saying we're all working together to fight the bad guy, and it's called the devil, and let's be on the same team with the Avengers.
But I'm not jealous of Superman's powers, and I'm not jealous of Green Lantern's powers, you know, because they are all individual people, but they're all working together. Yeah, I don't know, it's just simple.
Well, I try to think, you know, like I might be like Batman or Spider-Man or whatever, but whoever, they all have gifts together, and they're working, but it's all to serve the good of humanity, to defeat the devil, you know?
I don't know. They're all needed in that final battle when they're fighting the bad guy. Yeah, and then one can reach areas the other one can't.
And sometimes he uses his web to go up there and crawl up there, and Superman uses his thing, and the Hulk is helping out.
But they're all doing something. Yes, they're all trying to do something to defeat the bad guy.
But they aren't trying to be competitive with each other; they're just glad they're there.
Yes! "Hey, you can see. Hey, you have the gift of healing. Hey, you have the gift of prophecy.
Hey, you speak really well."But we can all come together; we're Avengers.
Yeah, I'm not jealous because you speak better than me. I'm not jealous because you hear better than me.
I'm not jealous because you walk in healing anointings. "Hey, Billy Burke, you come and join with me, and I can pray.
Hey, let's all join together."By the time we're all together, we have a super team.
Yeah, let's join up a super team. The devil won't mess with us because we're a team together.
We're the body. One might be the toe, one might be the hand. I don't know, I try to help y'all because this is the way I look at it.
We need each other. Yes, we need each other. But I'm not going to sit here and talk trash about everybody like I've heard people talking trash about me.
I just go, "God bless you, brother. I love you,"you know. But I do agree that iron sharpens iron, and so, it is what it is.
So, God bless y'all. I pray this video blessed you. If you're new here and you've never been here before, could you please subscribe, please?
It's helping us. We're getting there, one at a time. We're growing from glory to glory. Subscribe, subscribe, subscribe!
I know this is kind of a little teaching thing of what we had today, but this is what was on our heart, and so I want you to like it.
If you thought it was good... if you didn't, then please don't like it—dislike it.
Please don't dislike it and go, "That was crap. I don't want to listen to that again.
You made me laugh."If you go, "That was bad, Brandon,"don't dislike it; just go away.
All right, it's a walk in love. Walk in love. Just go, "Brandon, that wasn't for me today."Well, that's okay if it wasn't. You know what?
And don't comment something nasty down below: "That was the most terrible teaching I've ever heard in my life."But hey, if it blessed you, say something nice.
We can use the encouragement. We're trying, you know, but it's what the Lord's done with us, and so we hope it blessed you.
But we pray for you. Father, I just thank you for every single one of them.
I pray, Father, that they got something good out of this today.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you increase them from glory to glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're healing their bodies today; that, Father, they're touched from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're not sick in any area of their life—mentally, physically, financially, every area of their life.
Father, they're set free. Father, I thank you, Lord, that whom the Son sets free is free indeed today.
Father, I thank you, Father, that you've called them to the kingdom for such a time as this, and that, God, you have a plan to prosper them, to give them an expected future, that we live long and finish strong in every area of our life, Father, in Jesus'name.
God, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it, and we thank you for renewed marriages, brand new finances beyond anybody's expectation.
Father, this is a time for the sower and the reaper to go hand in hand, and Lord, I thank you for it right now in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Well, we pray that this blessed you, and we ask you to come back again next time when we do a video, and we'll probably do a prayer video then, huh?
Yeah, but I just want to tell you all we love you. Thank you again for joining us.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.